Add Bitbucket Labs (#48)
actions/importer-labs: bitbucket/4-dry-run.md

# Perform a dry-run migration of a Bitbucket pipeline

In this lab you will use the `dry-run` command to convert a Bitbucket pipeline to its equivalent GitHub Actions workflow.

## Prerequisites

1. Followed the steps [here](./readme.md#configure-your-codespace) to set up your Codespace environment.
2. Completed the [configure lab](./1-configure.md#configuring-credentials).
3. Completed the [audit lab](./2-audit.md).

## Perform a dry run

Before executing the dry-run command we will need to answer the following questions.

1. What repository is that pipeline in?
    - __react-deploy__

2. What is the workspace for that repository?
    - __actions-importer__

3. Where do you want to store the result?
    - __tmp/dry-run__. This can be any path within the working directory from which GitHub Actions Importer commands are executed.

### Steps

1. Navigate to your codespace terminal
2. Run the following command from the root directory:

    ```bash
    gh actions-importer dry-run bitbucket --output-dir tmp/dry-run --workspace actions-importer --repository react-deploy --source-file-path ./bitbucket/bootstrap/source_files/react_deploy.yml
    ```

>     >Note: For the purpose of this lab exercise, we're using the `--source-file-path` option to specify a local file as the source for the pipeline YAML, in order to simplify the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     > Note: The `--source-file-path` option is not required and is used throughout this lab to convert a pipeline that is stored locally. This can be omitted and GitHub Actions Importer will programmatically fetch pipelines using the Bitbucket REST APIs
```
